+++
title = "A site reliability engineer masquerading as a wannabe dev "
+++

ðŸ‘‹ My name is Ian Shepard Pringle. I am a site reliability engineer. I work as
a consultant with [Oteemo](https://oteemo.com).  I am a self-taught programmer
and systems operator. My past jobs include working as a full-stack developer
(Openshift, Java, Kotlin, StencilJS), a systems administrator, a helpdesk
agent, and a data-entry monkey.  Language-wise I am in love with Rust, V, and
Lua. I am also confident in a professional setting with Python, Java,
Javascript, Kotlin, Go, Bash, Python, PowerShell, and a few Lisps.

As you will learn from my projects and blog posts, my interestes are many and
varied. I have a degree in New Testament studies, with a minor in Koine Greek
-- I love studying and discussing theology (though I tend to avoid outright
debate in this area). I am particularly intersted in reformed baptist theology
and certain Greek philosophies (Poeticism and Stoicism) and their intersections
with Christianity. I also like animals, a lot.  I have rabbits (too many to
count), dogs (seven; two hounds, a great dane, and four Great
Pyrenees/Anatolian Shepherds), three horses, three turtles (an Eastern Paint, a
yellow belly slider, and a African sideneck; all are rescues), loads of
chickens, five cats, a beared dragon, a boa constrictor, three cows, and a
bull. I like to tinker and build. I am currently working on a project
home-climate project. I have a project tractor -- a Case 931CK -- which is
always in need of _something_.

I live on a farm in _very_ rural Missouri with my wife and children. When I'm
not working at my computer I'm working on the farm.
